= Provider API Documentation
COFOMO-Project, Ilko Hoffmann<ilkohoffmann@posteo.net>
0.0.1, 18.12.2019
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:sectnums:

// tag::globalDoc[]

[cols="1,2,2", options="header"] 
|===
|Name
|URL
|Description

|icon:github[] GitHub
|link:https://github.com/cofomo-platform/provider[https://github.com/cofomo-platform/provider^]
|Repository of the provider project

|icon:book[] API-Documentation
|link:https://provider.cofomo.io[https://provider.cofomo.io^]
|Autogenerated up to date API documentation

|icon:check-square-o[] Swagger-UI
|link:https://provider.cofomo.io/swagger[https://provider.cofomo.io/swagger^]
|Interactive test suite of the API

|icon:rocket[] API
|link:https://provider.cofomo.io/api[https://provider.cofomo.io/api^]
|Provider API
|===

== Booking API

Collection of endpoints to manage bookings on provider site. This is the implementation of the IBooking interface.

=== Get all Bookings

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/booking-get-all/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/booking-get-all/http-response.adoc[]


=== Get all Bookings by status

Get all Bookings by status.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/booking-get-all-by-status/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/booking-get-all-by-status/http-response.adoc[]


=== Get Booking by Id

Get Booking by Id.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/booking-get-by-id/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/booking-get-by-id/http-response.adoc[]


=== Create Booking

Create new booking.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/booking-create-booking/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/booking-create-booking/http-response.adoc[]


=== Update Booking

Update Booking.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/booking-update-booking/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/booking-update-booking/http-response.adoc[]


=== Cancel Booking

Cancel Booking.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/booking-cancel/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/booking-cancel/http-response.adoc[]


=== Start Booking

Start Booking.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/booking-start/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/booking-start/http-response.adoc[]


=== Finish Booking

Finish Booking.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/booking-finish/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/booking-finish/http-response.adoc[]


== Invoice API

Collection of endpoints to manage invoices on provider site. This is the implementation of the IInvoice interface.

=== Get all Invoices

Gets all Unvoices by the API.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/invoice-get-all/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/invoice-get-all/http-response.adoc[]


=== Get all Invoices by status

Gets all Invoices by the status.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/invoice-get-all-by-status/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/invoice-get-all-by-status/http-response.adoc[]


=== Get Invoices by id

Get Invoice by its id.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/invoice-get-by-id/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/invoice-get-by-id/http-response.adoc[]


== Using API

Collection of endpoints to manage communication during a booking. This is the implementation of the IUsing interface.

=== Send message.

Send message to provider to exchange information (e.g. delay).

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/using-send-message/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/using-send-message/http-response.adoc[]


=== Add communication options.

Adds communication options to get in contact with provider.

==== Sample Request
include::{snippets}/using-add-communication-options/http-request.adoc[]

==== Sample Response
include::{snippets}/using-add-communication-options/http-response.adoc[]



// end::globalDoc[]
